feat(Discover EOL): Updating docs to remove Discover pages and add Explore > Errors (#18751)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/errors/index.mdx

---
title: Errors
sidebar_order: 201
sidebar_section: debug
description: >-
  Errors allows you to search, filter, and query all your error event data
  across projects and environments to uncover trends and gain insights.
---

## Overview

> The [**Errors**](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/explore/errors/) page lets you query all of your error event metadata across projects and environments. You can build custom queries with flexible filters, group and stack results, visualize trends over time, and save queries for reuse by your team.

Reviewer: Right now this url redirects me to `/explore/errors/queries/`, let's update the link to go there so we avoid unnecessary redirects.

Author: Oh, the page just not up and running yet.

## Saved Queries

You can save any of your queries by clicking the **Save As** button in the top right. Name your query, and you can then update it or find it later in the All or Starred Queries sections. 

### Add to Dashboard

Queries can be added to [custom dashboards](/product/dashboards/custom-dashboards/) as widgets. Open the context menu on the query card or within the query results view and click "Add to Dashboard". Name your widget, select the target dashboard, and save.

### Set as Default

Customize your default view by configuring a query with specific columns, charts, and filters, then clicking "Set as Default". Navigating to the Errors page will then open with this configuration pre-loaded. Click "Remove Default" to revert to the default "All Events" view.

### Export CSV

Click "Export Data" to download a CSV file of the results. For large exports, you'll receive an email with the download link. The results are limited to 10 million rows or 1 GB, whichever comes first.

The download includes a `SHA1` checksum you can use to verify integrity:

```bash
echo "<SHA1 checksum> <downloaded CSV name>" | sha1sum -c -
```

## Pre-built Queries

> Pre-built queries are available from the "Saved Queries" view and are identified by the Sentry avatar. These can be duplicated, butcannot be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-built queries are available from the "Saved Queries" view and are identified by the Sentry avatar. These can be duplicated, but cannot be removed.
```

Surprised our typo-checker didn't catch this one.  🤔
